Olive harvest season in the occupied
West Bank the most important time of
year for thousands of Palestinian
Farmers many have owned land and farmed
these Rocky slopes for Generations
Israeli settlers have set up an illegal
outpost on the hill and blocked the road
with concrete and
Earth a drone flies above watching the
Palestinian Farmers every
move we came here today to pick our
olives but there's a barrier across the
road so we can't go in or get our cars
up there the Israeli settlers in
military are over there around our olive
trees so we're scared to go in this
video shows Israeli settlers attacking
Palestinian Olive Pickers and destroying
their property beating and chasing them
from their
fields IL ham shows me where settlers
have put straw in her family's trees
they use it to set light to them some
are hundreds of years old she says
settler attacks have increased since the
start of the
war the level of violence has increased
they've stopped even talking to us now
they just come and beat us some open
fire killing people there is no way they
will ever entertain even the thought of
a mutual understanding between us no
crosses the barrier and tentatively
starts walking towards his olive trees
Israeli soldiers near the hilltop
settler Outpost begin descending the
slope towards him an armored vehicle
moved moves down the road in the last
few minutes the Drone which we
understand is being operated by either
the settlers or the Army has returned no
tried to get to his Fields but the local
mayor here has told him to come back
because the Israeli military in an
armored vehicle have come down this road
and parked if you can
see just beyond those trees settlers set
fire to this Palestinian car close by
the Hebrew graffiti on the wall is a
threat to kill or kick out Palestinians
from this
area Sharif hammed finds it hard to walk
because he says a group of armed
settlers beat him using iron
bars we came like we do every day early
in the morning they had a drone above us
filming a settler appeared with his
sheep he was about 100 met away and he
played music and sang in Hebrew then he
left suddenly half an hour later seven
of them appeared and they started
beating us they dragged my uncle off the
step ladder and beat him on the legs
they beat me on my head my arms and my
legs and then they left the guy with the
Sheep stole my
car rights groups say the Israeli
military protects the settlers and often
ignore the violence they commit the un's
humanitarian Affairs office says settler
attacks against Palestinians and their
property have more than doubled since
the hammer attacks inside Israel on
October the 7th at least seven a day
many involving
Firearms this season the terrorist
settlers are organized they come they
beat us they take our cars and Destroy
them they are armed they have killed
more than one person here in this area
every year their violence gets worse
every year they get closer to where we
live Palestinian Olive Farmers have
suffered Decades of increasing
restricted access to their lands and
Israeli settler attacks this year like
every year they pick what they
can many more scared than ever before
chanceford aler burka in the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer